fix(wsl): Special handling Landscape client config tags (#5460)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/reference/datasources/wsl.rst

   the Ubuntu Pro for WSL agent. If this file is present, its modules will be
   merged with (1), overriding any conflicting modules. If (1) is not provided,
   then this file will be merged with any valid user-provided configuration
   instead. Exception is made for Landscape client config computer tags. If

>    user provided data contains a value for that subkey it will be used instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   user provided data contains a value for ``landscape.client.tags`` it will be used instead
```
